README.md, before:

# A FastAPI, Kafka, and Faust mini-project
A basic use case for how to leverage [Kafka](https://developer.confluent.io/quickstart/kafka-on-confluent-cloud/?_gl=1*54cy62*_ga*MTMzMjc1NjEyOS4xNjg4NDA2MDIx*_ga_D2D3EGKSGD*MTY4ODg0MjE5NC4xMC4xLjE2ODg4NDIyMDUuNDkuMC4w&_ga=2.79874967.1247302559.1688842194-1332756129.1688406021) and [Faust](https://faust.readthedocs.io/en/latest/playbooks/quickstart.html) for streaming events from a FastAPI application.

# Protobuf
Need to install the protoc compiler first: 
```commandline
PROTOC_ZIP=protoc-23.4-linux-x86_64.zip
curl -OL https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases/download/v23.4/$PROTOC_ZIP
sudo unzip -o $PROTOC_ZIP -d /usr/local bin/protoc
sudo unzip -o $PROTOC_ZIP -d /usr/local 'include/*'
rm -f $PROTOC_ZIP
```
To generate usable integration code, we use the proto compiler which compiles a given
`.proto` file into language-specific integration classes. 
For Python we can use the below command:
```commandline
protoc -I=. --python_out=. ./example.proto
```


# Resources
* [protoc Linux Installation](http://google.github.io/proto-lens/installing-protoc.html)
* [Faust Protobuf Serialization Troubleshooting](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64686686/using-python-compiled-protobuf-pb2-as-key-and-value-serializer)

Commit message:

updated protobuf info in the readme

README.md, after:

# A FastAPI, Kafka, and Faust mini-project
A basic use case for how to leverage [Kafka](https://developer.confluent.io/quickstart/kafka-on-confluent-cloud/?_gl=1*54cy62*_ga*MTMzMjc1NjEyOS4xNjg4NDA2MDIx*_ga_D2D3EGKSGD*MTY4ODg0MjE5NC4xMC4xLjE2ODg4NDIyMDUuNDkuMC4w&_ga=2.79874967.1247302559.1688842194-1332756129.1688406021) and [Faust](https://faust.readthedocs.io/en/latest/playbooks/quickstart.html) for streaming events from a FastAPI application.

# Protobuf
Need to install the protoc compiler first, see [Protobuf Releases](https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases)
to find the release compatible with your OS and replace the `PROTOC_ZIP` and `PROTOC_VERSION` variables in the below
command: 
```commandline
PROTOC_ZIP=protoc-23.4-linux-x86_64.zip
PROTOC_VERSION=v23.4
curl -OL https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/releases/download/$PROTOC_VERSION/$PROTOC_ZIP
sudo unzip -o $PROTOC_ZIP -d /usr/local bin/protoc
sudo unzip -o $PROTOC_ZIP -d /usr/local 'include/*'
rm -f $PROTOC_ZIP
```
To generate usable integration code, we use the proto compiler which compiles a given
`.proto` file into language-specific integration classes. 
For Python we can use the below command:
```commandline
protoc -I=. --python_out=. ./example.proto
```


# Resources
### Protobuf
* [protoc Linux Installation](http://google.github.io/proto-lens/installing-protoc.html)
* [How to use Protobuf in Python](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/googles-protocol-buffers-in-python/)
### Faust
* [Faust Quick Start](https://faust.readthedocs.io/en/latest/playbooks/quickstart.html)
* [Faust Protobuf Serialization Troubleshooting](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64686686/using-python-compiled-protobuf-pb2-as-key-and-value-serializer)
